Introduction
------------

The Worth Data Connection Host is a web based system that serves to route or "broker" communication 
between Worth Data 7802 WiFi Terminals and an Application Server.

The Connection Host is installed on a standard web server, easily available on a subscription basis
from a website hosting provider.

The Connection Host requires a web server capable of handling PHP 5 and that has MySQL database 
server installed. Most web hosting service providers include these features by default.

Installing this system (the Web-based Connection Host) requires an operational knowledge of running web servers, MySQL (using 
something like phpMyAdmin), and a basic understanding of CGI scripting (PHP in specific).

There is also a Windows version of the Connection Host that is a self-contain program (does not require a web server) and is
intended to run on a LAN and serve local, LAN based (not internet-based) terminals and host application. Please see your manual 
for more information on the Windows based Connection Host program.
 


The Connection Host is composed of three parts:
-----------------------------------------------
 
  1. The "server.php" script which is the web page that the Application Server uses.
  2. The "terminal.php" script which is the web page that the 7802 Terminals use.
  3. A set of four tables ("fromterminal", "fromserver", "messages", "serverinit"), and an 
	 optional two more ("serverlog", "terminallog") stored in the MySQL database of your choice.
 
 The database tables are only used for transient storage and will never accumulate a significant 
 quantity of data in normal use (except the log tables, if you use them).


 
The Connection Host is installed by:
------------------------------------
 
      -Copy the included PHP and INC files to a folder on your web hosting server (use your usual 
      FTP client for this). These can be copied to the main folder of your website, or to a subfolder.
      
      -Edit the "varstermrouter.inc" file. 
      Notice that "install.php" and "server.php" and "terminal.php" all use the file "varstermrouter.inc". 
      This file needs to be edited to contain the correct connection and password data for your database.
      You may want to put it in a restricted access folder as a security measure (don't forget to change 
      the "includes" in the other files if you do).  
      
      -Build the necessary MySQL database tables. 
      Either run this installer by pointing your web browser to
      http://www.myWebsite/myConnectionHostFolder/install.php
      or use the included DDL (database definition log) file to build the tables manually using the 
      software tools provided by your web hosting provider.
 